you
I think I have close to probably hundred
people just friends and family and then
people that watch me race and been to
all my races and um probably I'd say
fifty sixty percent of the stadium knows
who I am and you know has walked me at
one time race so it's pretty cool to
come here into Toronto and get to race
and you know show everyone what I've
been doing
huh I mean there's a lot of people that
just looked at me it's just the only
Canadian that does I think there's one
other Canadian doing it this year but
for me it's it's an honor to be able to
come up here and race and be the only
Canadian and then to be a part of a
series that's so great I mean the the
Monster Energy Supercross is huge and
just erase it and be competitive and be
one of the guys you know trying to fight
for a top five every weekends pretty
awesome
thought being from Canada we actually
had to buy a house in Florida and we
lived there for most of the winter and
then now we travel kind of throughout
the summer from Canada to the US and
then hit the Nationals and stuff like
that
toughest part was actually you know just
the long trips and stuff like that I
mean everyone deals with in the amateur
driving and stuff and then I mean you're
there for a week and it's a long week to
put in so as an amateur was just you
know tough and I don't think I was the
greatest amateur and you know I feel
like I can definitely prove myself a
little bit more in the pros and be one
of the more standout guys
yeah being a California pin or being a
Canadian my whole life and then going to
California it's it's not even the same
you know where I live it's I mean people
know about motocross but it's you know
you go up to California I mean it's it's
the capital of motocross and it's
everywhere you go there's you know bikes
and people racing and stuff like that so
being a candidate's smaller we only get
five months of the year where we can
ride so it's hard to get you know the
same amount of people to do you know one
sport and I'm California do it
year-round and have the tracks and
people that do it with
way more metal you go to the tracks in
Canada and I mean it's it's a relaxed
setting you know I got to race the US
Nationals and go straight from that to
the Canadian Nationals last year and I
mean completely different atmosphere
everyone's kind of laid back there is no
time schedule really it's kind of just
you know go with the flow of things for
that day so us it's it's it's high it's
intense
being over here you know everyone
expects you to get good lap times in
practice and then go out and race good
and I mean expectations are high over
here and then going back to Canada being
a Canadian and stuff like that I felt
you know more comfortable and then it's
obviously a lighter setting for sure
everyone's just kind of happy to be
there and racing
not having uh not having to do my deal
anymore um just having the Rockstar KTM
team backing so much and give me advice
on and off the track and then obviously
just having the bike and everything that
comes with it it's huge you know I
wouldn't be too getting these results
but you know even though I've been
struggling you know I think I think I'm
capable of a lot more than what I've
shown this year and I'm looking forward
to finally getting that result that the
team knows I can get and myself
I mean I've never put myself you know as
the top god I think that's my biggest
problem right now you know I look at the
guys around me and I feel like sometimes
I I don't give myself the credit I
deserve you know I need to go out there
and be like you know I'm gonna battle
with this guy and I'm gonna throw it in
and I need to race with these guys
weekend and we go and I think you'll see
um you know this year I've progressed
more and get more aggressive and showing
that I can get in there and do some
battle but I haven't really gotten to
start in the main events you know the
first five rounds and five bad starts I
mean it's it's kind of partly me doing
the start so I think if I can get a good
start this weekend the result will be
there you know I know myself I can put
in 15 laps it's just being up front and
running with those guys right from the
start
actually I stayed back after Detroit you
know I felt like I felt like I got to a
point where I was ridin so much in the
week and putting so much pressure on
myself you know I just had a relaxing
week at home you know being only three
hours from here felt really comfortable
and coming this week weekend I just put
a lot of focus on being relaxed and
happy and excited to go out there and
just ride
my plants come up racing Candida again
and then hopefully do some damage up
here try to get in with mix with the top
guys up here and battle for hopefully a
championship and you know fight it out
for the you know 450 class with I know
Brett Metcalfe coming up this year Chism
Izzy and canary and those guys it's
gonna be tough but I think he'll be good
racing